Update 0.4.18 release notes (#6034)
Napari/napari: docs/release/release_0_4_18.md

images. It's built on top of Qt (for the GUI), vispy (for performant GPU-based
rendering), and the scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy).

This is primarily a bug-fix release, addressing many issues from 0.4.17 (see
"Bug Fixes", below). However, it also contains some performance improvements and
several exciting new features (see "Highlights"), so read on below!

For more information, examples, and documentation, please visit our website:

https://napari.org

## Highlights

> - Drawing polygons in the Shapes layer can now be done much more quickly with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drawing polygons in the Shapes layer can now be done much faster with
```

  the new lasso tool ([napari/napari/#5555](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/5555))
- Surface layers now support textures and vertex colors, allowing a whole new
  type of dataset to be visualised in napari. Have a look at
  `surface_multi_texture.py` and `surface_texture_and_colors.py` in the
  `examples` directory for some pretty demos! ([napari/napari/#5642](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/5642))
- Previously, navigating an image required switching out of whatever drawing

>   mode you might have been using and go back to pan/zoom mode. Now you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  mode you might have been using and going back to pan/zoom mode. Now you can use
```
